---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: "Trees known by their fruit.\_"
datePublished: '2016-03-26T15:14:48.774Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-26T14:42:03.342Z'
title: 'Matthew 7:15-29; Acts 10:24-48; Psalm 18:1-24; Genesis 39-40'
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-19-matthew-715-29-acts-1024-48-psalm-181-24-genesis-39-40.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: matthew-715-29-acts-1024-48-psalm-181-24-genesis-39-40/index.html
_type: Article

---
## Matthew 7:15-29; Acts 10:24-48; Psalm 18:1-24; Genesis 39-40

Trees known by their fruit. 

I can't help but read so many things in light of the challenges faced over the previous two years. So much of that time seemed so barren. Much of my life felt fruitless in that time, dry branches reaching out to the sky. Exposed nerves that hurt all too easily, too sensitive to every movement, every word. And like a tree that has not found its thirst quenched, I shriveled and shrank. Rather than fruit, I grew thorns.

A house built on the rock.

Stand tall knowing the strength comes not from my own construction but what I'm constructed upon. Concrete thrown down that will not crack, rock and dirt and earth that shall never be moved nor erode. I know what it feels like to have the card house collapse, to have the ground beneath your feet give out and fall for what feels like forever. To lose breathe, to never feel confident that you might really land on firm ground again. I've been under construction since September, not really sure when the completion date is. I keep stomping the ground though to make sure nothing's going to give this time. 

Thankful for: a renewed desire to take care of my personal health. Depression, minor or major, eats away at any and all motivation to care. Thankful that I couldn't get myself to care again until I realized how cared for I truly was, earthly and supernaturally.